Basque celebrates the Basque
being the Rio 2014 champion already brought
until the coffin of Flemish the Basque after 13
years revenge on maracanã
How beautiful, this Basque fan is
wonderful a cheerleader and very polite
different from flamenco's mulambada
so that now the Basque supporter
invading the field there on the board will have a
field so taking it forward is that it is
a lot of emotion for ten years without winning
a carioca and now the Basque is winning
on the Flemish and take revenge on everything
Come on, let's go, Basque crowd.
adilson batista to whom this
title is ours and no one takes away
just wait or not to buy listen
out
the Basque supporter will let out the shout
is champion departed do not live hours of
head and the strip Czech strip
formerly why does God hate the
Vasco what I'm waiting and striker 13
black years
Basque always from 7 o'clock
Basque only makes me suffer
luke egan this way it will fall on my god
chose the now called chuchu
at 41 he did the title ronaldinho do
Flemish who had a part does not come to us
again the Flemish champion is needed
take a soothing or have a goal in
last minute when it 's hotter
still the title in his hand and after
ten years we do not know where
were playing the Paulista championship
because the goal of the river team ten years ago
in some championship and a gift
thought he was winning by playing 15
minutes will end and result at the end
now it 's celebrating and he expects one more
good lifter